So as you probably can sell by now there are a lot of new additions inside of us.
But we're just about wrap this up.
We have maybe one or two more to go.
So with that being said I'm going to comment this out and now we're going to talk about a raise inside
of 6 so I'll make a new file a raised Jesus and link that up.
So originally inside of javascript arrays were pretty limited.
But then in iOS 5 there were some new additions that were added to make a raise.
Well frankly just more useful and iOS 6 is kind of continuing with that.
So in this case what you can do in iOS 6 is originally there were only two ways to create an array you
could use an object literal or an array literal I should say like so or you could use a new array to
construct a new array with this constructor function right here.
However there are some problems associated with that.
So ESX has introduced a array of as a new way to create arrays.
And the reason this was made was to kind of adjust or address this kind of quirky behavior of using
new array.
Now iminent illustrate that to you like so we're going to do a couple of arrays all do let our one equals
new array like so and then after that we'll do our two equals new array and then we'll pass in a 5 and
then we'll do you know I had an R there.
So then we'll do our three equals new array and then we'll pass in a string.
And then after that we will do this.
We'll do one more.
No I think that's actually going to be good.
So if we canceled all log and we're going to need to do a couple of these do re.
And I'll just copy this like so.
So in this case all cancelled out log the length of the first row.
And you can see it looks pretty normal and if I just canceled out log the array it's just a two item
array pretty straightforward.
But one of the quirks with using this syntax is if you only pass in one numeric value to the array right
here that's actually going to be set as the length of the array.
So if I do array to length I can get it.
There we go.
You're going to see it actually prints out of 5.
Which is exactly what we passed then.
But if we try to access like for example number two in to see right here you're going to see that it's
throwing an error.
And the reason it's throwing in there is not because of that.
There we go.
You going to see it's actually undefined right here.
So in other words that just doesn't work because there is no value inside of this.
Number two in to see right here that's just the length.
And then if you pass in one non numeric value that is going to be set as the one and only value inside
of your race if I do re three and then try to access let's say is zero indices.
You'll see it prints out a string to and then if I try to do the length length like so you can see it
prints out one right here because there's only one item in the array.
So all in all very quirky behavior kind of unpredictable.
So in the next video we'll look at how we can just completely void this by using array dot.